src/StackAdmin/Azs.Subscriptions.Admin/Help/New-AzsPlan.md, before:

---
external help file: Azs.Subscriptions.Admin-help.xml
Module Name: Azs.Subscriptions.Admin
online version: 
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzsPlan

## SYNOPSIS
{{Fill in the Synopsis}}

## SYNTAX

```
New-AzsPlan -Name <String> -ResourceGroupName <String> -DisplayName <String> -QuotaIds <String[]>
 [-Description <String>] [-SkuIds <String[]>] [-ExternalReferenceId <String>] [-Location <String>]
 [-SubscriptionCount <Int64>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
{{Fill in the Description}}

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```
PS C:\> {{ Add example code here }}
```

{{ Add example description here }}

## PARAMETERS

### -Description
{{Fill Description Description}}

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DisplayName
{{Fill DisplayName Description}}

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ExternalReferenceId
{{Fill ExternalReferenceId Description}}

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
{{Fill Location Description}}

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
{{Fill Name Description}}

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -QuotaIds
{{Fill QuotaIds Description}}

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
{{Fill ResourceGroupName Description}}

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SkuIds
{{Fill SkuIds Description}}

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionCount
{{Fill SubscriptionCount Description}}

```yaml
Type: Int64
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.AzureStack.Management.Subscriptions.Admin.Models.Plan

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS

Commit message:

Subscription and SubAdmin bug fixes

src/StackAdmin/Azs.Subscriptions.Admin/Help/New-AzsPlan.md, after:

---
external help file: Azs.Subscriptions.Admin-help.xml
Module Name: Azs.Subscriptions.Admin
online version: 
schema: 2.0.0
---

# New-AzsPlan

## SYNOPSIS
Creates a new plan

## SYNTAX

```
New-AzsPlan -Name <String> -ResourceGroupName <String> -DisplayName <String> -QuotaIds <String[]>
 [-Description <String>] [-SkuIds <String[]>] [-ExternalReferenceId <String>] [-Location <String>]
 [-SubscriptionCount <Int64>] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Creates a new plan

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1
```
PS C:\> New-AzsPlan -Name "plan1" -ResourceGroupName "rg1" -QuotaIds "/subscriptions/0a823c45-d9e7-4812-a138-74e22213693a/providers/Microsoft.Subscriptions.Admin/locations/local/quotas/delegatedProviderQuota" -Location "local" -DisplayName "plan1" -Description "asda"

```

Creates a new plan

## PARAMETERS

### -Description
Creates a new plan

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -DisplayName
{{Fill DisplayName Description}}

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ExternalReferenceId
External reference ID

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Location
Location of the resource

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Name
Name of the plan

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -QuotaIds
List of IDs for the quotas to associate with plan

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ResourceGroupName
The resource group name

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: True
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SkuIds
The list of SKUs to include in the plan.

```yaml
Type: String[]
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SubscriptionCount
Max count of subscriptions for the plan

```yaml
Type: Int64
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: 

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None

## OUTPUTS

### Microsoft.AzureStack.Management.Subscriptions.Admin.Models.Plan

## NOTES

## RELATED LINKS
